README.md, before:

Raspberry Pi / OSMC basic instructions
------------------------

# Set Up Wifi

Main Menu -> My OSMC -> the "<" Icon (at the bottom) -> Wireless -> Select Wifi -> Enter Password

# Set Up BlueTooth Device

Main Menu -> My OSMC -> the "<" Icon (at the bottom) -> Bluetooth -> Pair and Done

# Map Folder for Downloads

After plugging in a harddrive navigate through the settings.

Main Menu -> Add-Ons -> Covenant -> Press "c" -> settings -> Downloads

go to movies and Tv and change the location you want files to download to


# Download Movies/TV

Navigate to the Movie or TV show -> Press "c" -> Select Download -> *wait for it to complete*

# View Videos on Harddrive

Main Menu -> Videos -> Files -> [Harddrive Name]

# Enable Items in Main Menu

Main Menu -> Gear Icon -> Interface Settings -> Skin -> Configure Skin -> Main Menu Items

go down list and enable/disable items as you wish

# Get More Add-ons

Main Menu -> Add-ons -> my addons -> Install from Repository -> Select a Repository -> Select a Category -> Select Add-on -> Install

<!--

http://archive.org/download/repository.xvbox

http://aeom.cf/repo/

http://kdil.co/repo/

-->

Commit message:

++What is OSMC?
added "What is OSMC?" section

README.md, after:

Raspberry Pi / OSMC basic instructions
------------------------

# What is OSMC?

OSMC stands for Open Source Media Center, and it's kodi app with all the utilities to make it a complete operating system.

More info at [OSMC.tv](https://osmc.tv)


# Set Up Wifi

Main Menu -> My OSMC -> the "<" Icon (at the bottom) -> Wireless -> Select Wifi -> Enter Password

# Set Up BlueTooth Device

Main Menu -> My OSMC -> the "<" Icon (at the bottom) -> Bluetooth -> Pair and Done

# Map Folder for Downloads

After plugging in a harddrive navigate through the settings.

Main Menu -> Add-Ons -> Covenant -> Press "c" -> settings -> Downloads

go to movies and Tv and change the location you want files to download to


# Download Movies/TV

Navigate to the Movie or TV show -> Press "c" -> Select Download -> *wait for it to complete*

# View Videos on Harddrive

Main Menu -> Videos -> Files -> [Harddrive Name]

# Enable Items in Main Menu

Main Menu -> Gear Icon -> Interface Settings -> Skin -> Configure Skin -> Main Menu Items

go down list and enable/disable items as you wish

# Get More Add-ons

Main Menu -> Add-ons -> my addons -> Install from Repository -> Select a Repository -> Select a Category -> Select Add-on -> Install

<!--

http://archive.org/download/repository.xvbox

http://aeom.cf/repo/

http://kdil.co/repo/

-->
